Feat(eos_designs): Add metric bandwidth support for l3_interfaces (#5017)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/how-to/wan.md

### WAN interfaces

> A WAN interface in AVD is defined under the node settings either under the `l3_interfaces` or the `l3_port_channels` list. To be considered as a WAN interface by AVD, an `l3_interface` pr `l3_port_channel` must have the `wan_carrier` key defined (which will allow to detect the path-group thanks to the carrier to path-group mapping). The `wan_circuit_id` is optional and used on CVaaS to provide more information in the visualization as well as in the AVD generated interface description. The `receive_bandwidth` and `transmit_bandwidth` fields are also used just for visualization on CVaaS. Finally the key `connected_to_pathfinder` allows to disable the static peering configuration on a given path-group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WAN interface in AVD is defined under the node settings either under the `l3_interfaces` or the `l3_port_channels` list. To be considered as a WAN interface by AVD, an `l3_interface` pr `l3_port_channel` must have the `wan_carrier` key defined (which will allow to detect the path-group thanks to the carrier to path-group mapping). The `wan_circuit_id` is optional and used on CVaaS to provide more information in the visualization as well as in the AVD generated interface description. The `receive_bandwidth` and `transmit_bandwidth` fields are currently only used for visualization on CVaaS. Finally the key `connected_to_pathfinder` allows to disable the static peering configuration on a given path-group.
```

Reviewer 2: I am not sure we can say "currently only used" as if people are enabling the other part of it `metric order load` (available only in eos_cli_config_gen granted under `metric_order.preferred_metric`) then it means it would be used for more.

(though it would require custom structured config)

### WAN interfaces

> A WAN interface in AVD is defined under the node settings either under the `l3_interfaces` or the `l3_port_channels` list. To be considered as a WAN interface by AVD, an `l3_interface` pr `l3_port_channel` must have the `wan_carrier` key defined (which will allow to detect the path-group thanks to the carrier to path-group mapping). The `wan_circuit_id` is optional and used on CVaaS to provide more information in the visualization as well as in the AVD generated interface description. The `receive_bandwidth` and `transmit_bandwidth` fields are currently only used for visualization on CVaaS. Finally the key `connected_to_pathfinder` allows to disable the static peering configuration on a given path-group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WAN interface in AVD is defined under the node settings either under the `l3_interfaces` or the `l3_port_channels` list. To be considered as a WAN interface by AVD, an `l3_interface` or `l3_port_channel` must have the `wan_carrier` key defined (which will allow to detect the path-group thanks to the carrier to path-group mapping). The `wan_circuit_id` is optional and used on CVaaS to provide more information in the visualization as well as in the AVD generated interface description. The `receive_bandwidth` and `transmit_bandwidth` fields are currently only used for visualization on CVaaS. Finally the key `connected_to_pathfinder` allows to disable the static peering configuration on a given path-group.
```

3. Configure IPv4 ACLs in and out for the L3 interface. The access lists must
    be defined under `ipv4_acls` top level key.
4. For BGP peering for WAN interfaces, the `ipv4_prefix_list_in` is mandatory for security reaasons. It is defined in the `ipv4_prefix_list_catalog`.

> 5. Mbps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The maximum bandwidths for the circuit in Mbps. This bandwidth is used in CloudVision to visualize circuit utilization and to generate events.
```
